West Wind is looking for me
What is this woman looking for me for?
What west wind?
Just the one who sings, that's the west wind.
Don't tell me, help me over there
You said the one who sang just now
He finished singing and just left
Why are you looking for him?
Do you like people?
What are you talking about?
It was when my dad was sick and in the hospital that he urgently needed surgery
In my most difficult time
It was this man named Zephyr who was so frivolous in one breath
Everything in the shopping cart in my live stream.
Not only did I pay off my dad's surgery
And let me pay the rent for your stingy man
I just wanted to thank him in person for liking it
After that, you won't be paying attention to us in the future.
Ah, what are you talking about?
Nothing, I mean?
That person helped you without leaving your name
Then he definitely doesn't want you to have a psychological burden
You don't need to care too much
I know what you said.
I just wanted to thank him in person.
Last time in the live stream.
He hasn't been online for the past few days after he bought something.
If it weren't for those stinky hooligans pretending to be the west wind today
I can't be here either.
Maybe he's been busy lately.
I don't have time to watch your live stream.
Uh, let's talk about it
The one called West Wind
What if it's your nemesis in reality?
Wouldn't it be more awkward for you to meet?
I forbid you to say that, Brother West Wind
Do you think everyone in the world is like you?
The evil landlord is as annoying as the dead landlord
Besides, even if I have a mortal enemy
It will only be you
Okay, okay, you're right
Come on.
Why are you carrying you back? You can still walk on these feet.
Come on up.
Say yes first.
Give you 200 money, and you will know the money.